feat: add buttom navigation bar and move profile card to tab (#49)
NTUT-NPC/tattoo: AGENTS.md

- Service integration tests (copy `test/test_config.json.example` to `test/test_config.json`, then run `flutter test --dart-define-from-file=test/test_config.json`)
- AuthRepository implementation (login, logout, session persistence via flutter_secure_storage)
- go_router navigation setup

> - UI: intro screen, login screen, home screen with a buttom navigation bar in `screens/main/home_screen.dart`, which has three tabs in the same directory

Reviewer: Typo: "buttom" → "bottom"

Also, the continuation on the next line (`- and in profile tab...`) reads like a broken sentence rather than a list item. Consider consolidating into a single concise bullet:

```suggestion
- UI: intro screen, login screen, home screen with bottom navigation bar and three tabs (課表, 成績, profile with logout)
```

Author: fix in 2f585c8f219569fe3f0043ac9aef3dc98b76a12c
